[<span
style="font-variant:small-caps;">USER</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QYRqhlLIKZukCvYksafBDikCVv8RiSYwsBR3amU2tzs/edit#heading=h.ihv636)
<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">MANUAL</span>

Emergency Hospital Bed Tracking System

<img src="./media/image1.jpeg" width="468" height="326" />

**Created by:**

*Deepika Angelene Jantz*

*Deepthi Nambala Venkatesh*

*Indra Teja Chintakayala*

*Nikesh Venkataravanappa*

*Vivek Bhat Hosmat*

**Introduction**
================

The Emergency Hospital Bed Tracking system is an application developed
for County Health Department to help people in knowing the available
beds in the nearest hospital. The application will also allow people to
know about the different types of beds available in the hospital. The
application will be a web based application which will also be mobile
friendly.

**Summary of the Problem**
==========================

With this recent drill in coordination County Health Department which
simulates a disaster that might occur in the area which has many
casualties was conducted to track the beds available in the hospitals to
take patient from the disaster. It was difficult to track the type of
bed available in the hospital and along it was tough for nurse or
hospital to share the information about the bed availability. Since
there was only one person adding data to the database, there use to be
lot of redundancy and incorrect information entered in the database.

**Purpose**
===========

The purpose of this application is to eliminate all the problems faced
by County Health Department and hospital. Our team has come up with the
solution of developing an application for County Health Department,
which would coordinate with hospitals to have real time update on the
type of beds available at a given point of time.

**Process and Administration**
==============================

There are 3 different type of actors who access Emergency Bed Tracking
Application.

1. **First Responder**

First Responder performs the following action.

1.  Navigating to the nearest hospital using the map available in the
    Home screen.

2.  Check for the Bed Availability of different hospital which also
    contains bed type.

3.  Check daily report or weekly report on the number of beds used in
    the hospital.

2. **Administrator**

Administrator performs the following task.

1.  Add/Update/Delete Hospital

2.  Add/Update/Delete Nurse

3.  Create login credentials for nurse

4.  Regular maintenance of the system

3. **Nurse**

Nurse performs the following task.

1.  Add/Update/Delete of the patient’s details

2.  Add bed details

**Logging In**
==============

In our application admin and nurse can login through same login page.
Admin is the only user who has ability to create, update, read and
delete a nurse and hospital. Whereas, nurse can only create, update,
read and delete a patient and bed details.

1.  **Admin**
    ----------

    1.  ### **Login**

The screen below is a common screen for both admin and nurse, the
authentication for the user is defined in the backend, so that a user
will see their respective page on login to the application.

<img src="./media/image2.png" width="595" height="294" />

### **Admin Home Screen**

The below screen is the home screen which appears after the successful
login of the admin.

<img src="./media/image3.png" width="624" height="373" />

### **Admin Logout Screen**

The screen below is the logout screen for admin

<img src="./media/image4.png" width="623" height="329" />

1.  **Nurse**
    ----------

    1.  ### **Login**

The login screen is same a admin login screen, but logging with nurse
credentials, the user will be navigated to nurse home screen.

<img src="./media/image2.png" width="641" height="320" />

### **Nurse Home Screen**

The below home screen appears on the successful login of nurse.

<img src="./media/image5.png" width="624" height="312" />

### **Nurse Logout Screen**

<img src="./media/image6.png" width="624" height="275" />

1.  **Screen Navigation**
    =====================

    1.  **First Responder**
        -------------------

        1.  ### **Home Screen**

The screen below is the home screen for first responder, the first
responder doesn’t have to login, in order to use this application. The
home screen has map which would help the first responder to navigate to
the nearest hospital.

<img src="./media/image7.png" width="624" height="295" />

### **Bed Availability Screen**

Bed availability screen will show the details of the bed available in
the hospital along with the bed types.

<img src="./media/image8.png" width="624" height="288" />

### **Press Report Screen**

Press report shows the report of the beds been used by each hospital.

<img src="./media/image9.png" width="623" height="328" />

### **Contact – US Screen**

Users can contact us and share their feedback by submitting in question
text box provided in contact us page.

<img src="./media/image10.png" width="624" height="359" />

1.  **Admin**
    ---------

    1.  ### **Home Screen**

From home screen, admin can navigate to manage hospital to
add/delete/update hospitals by clicking on view hospital information or
manage hospital. Similarly, admin can also add/update/delete nurse by
clicking on view nurse information or manage nurse.

<img src="./media/image11.png" width="623" height="320" />

### **Manage Hospital Screen**

Admin can add hospital by clicking on “Add hospital” (6.2.3), to update
the hospital details the admin can click on “Edit Hospital
information’s” (6.2.4) and clicking on “delete hospital information”
(6.2.5) will delete the hospital.

<img src="./media/image12.png" width="623" height="355" />

### **Add Hospital Screen**

Hospital details are added in the below screen and clicking on “Save”
button would save the new hospital.

<img src="./media/image13.png" width="624" height="329" />

### **Update Hospital**

Existing hospital can be updated and the updating screen looks as shown
below. Clicking on “update” button would save the changes.

<img src="./media/image14.png" width="624" height="286" />

### **Delete Hospital**

Below screen is displayed when we want to delete the hospital. Clicking
on “Ok” in the pop would delete the hospital and clicking on “cancel”
would cancel the delete.

<img src="./media/image15.png" width="623" height="306" />

### **Admin – Manage Nurse Screen**

Admin can add nurse by clicking on “Add New Nurse” (6.2.7), to update
the nurse details the admin can click on “Edit Nurse information’s”
(6.2.8) and clicking on “delete nurse information” (6.2.9) will delete
the nurse.

<img src="./media/image16.png" width="623" height="278" />

### **Admin - Add Nurse**

Add Nurse screen looks as shown below and clicking on “Save” would save
the new nurse.

<img src="./media/image17.png" width="624" height="309" />

### **Admin - Update Nurse**

Existing Nurse can be updated and the edit screen looks as below.
Clicking on “update” button would save the changes.

<img src="./media/image18.png" width="624" height="333" />

### **Admin - Delete Nurse**

Below screen is displayed when we want to delete the nurse. Clicking on
“Ok” in the pop would delete the nurse and clicking on “cancel” would
cancel the delete.

<img src="./media/image19.png" width="624" height="253" />

1.  **Nurse**
    ---------

    1.  ### **Home**

From home screen, nurse can add/delete/update patient by clicking on
view patient details or manage patient. Similarly, nurse can
add/update/delete beds by clicking on view bed details or manage
bed.<img src="./media/image20.png" width="623" height="300" />

### **Manage Patient**

Nurse can add patients by clicking on “Add Patient” (6.3.3), to update
the patient details the nurse can click on “Update patient info” (6.3.4)
and clicking on “delete patient” (6.3.5) will delete the patient.

<img src="./media/image21.png" width="624" height="274" />

### **Add Patient**

Add patient screen looks as shown below and by clicking on “Save” button
it would save the new patient.

<img src="./media/image22.png" width="624" height="343" />

<img src="./media/image23.png" width="624" height="136" />

### **Update Patient**

Existing patient can be updated and the update screen for patients looks
as below. Clicking on “update” button would save the changes.

<img src="./media/image24.png" width="624" height="385" />

### **Delete Patient**

Below screen is displayed when we want to delete the patient. Clicking
on “Ok” in the pop would delete the patient and clicking on “cancel”
would cancel the delete.

<img src="./media/image25.png" width="624" height="304" />

### **Manage Bed**

Nurse can add beds by clicking on “Add Bed info” (6.3.7).

<img src="./media/image26.png" width="624" height="334" />

### **Add Bed**

Bed details are added in the below screen and clicking on “Save” button
would save the new bed details.

<img src="./media/image27.png" width="624" height="316" />
